Desktop developer docs update (#973)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/desktop/developer-setup.md

date: 2020-02-01T19:50:32-04:00
weight: 1
---

Set up your development environment for building, running, and testing the Mattermost Desktop App.

## Dependencies

<div class="tab">
    <button class="tablinks active" onclick="openTab(event, 'mac')">macOS</button>
    <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'windows')">Windows</button>
    <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'ubuntu')">Ubuntu</button>
    <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'archlinux')">Arch Linux</button>
    <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'redhat')">Fedora/RedHat</button>
</div>

<div id="mac" class="tabcontent" style="display: block;">
    {{% content "contribute/desktop/developer-setup/macos.md" %}}
</div>

<div id="ubuntu" class="tabcontent">
    {{% content "contribute/desktop/developer-setup/ubuntu.md" %}}
</div>

<div id="windows" class="tabcontent">
    {{% content "contribute/desktop/developer-setup/windows.md" %}}
</div>

<div id="archlinux" class="tabcontent">
    {{% content "contribute/desktop/developer-setup/arch.md" %}}
</div>

<div id="redhat" class="tabcontent">
    {{% content "contribute/desktop/developer-setup/redhat.md" %}}
</div>

> #### Mattermost Server

Reviewer: Would it make sense to be more specific here about the best way to deploy a server for desktop development. I.e. when y'all are working on the app, what is your preferred way to test things on a server? Is it best to use our company's or community's server or do you deploy something locally?

Author: Generally I just test things against `community-daily` myself, but there are cases where I would need to modify the code on the server/webapp to test something specific.

I think the best way for people to get setup would be to deploy their own version of the server/webapp if possible. I think the docs convey that, is there anything you'd like me to change to convey it better? I think being prescriptive about it as I've been here makes sense.

Reviewer: Thanks for the info. I added another commit to clear up the language a tiny bit in this seciton.

> To develop with the Desktop App, you'll likely want to setup a Mattermost server and webapp instance that can be customized as needed, in case there are specific integration requirements needed for testing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To develop with the Desktop App, you'll likely want to set up a Mattermost server and webapp instance that can be customized as needed, in case there are specific integration requirements needed for testing.
```
